adding effective gas price to transactionreceipt (#4694)
ethereum/web3.js: docs/web3-eth.rst

  - ``to`` - ``String``: Address of the receiver. ``null`` when it's a contract creation transaction.
  - ``contractAddress`` - ``String``: The contract address created, if the transaction was a contract creation, otherwise ``null``.
  - ``cumulativeGasUsed`` - ``Number``: The total amount of gas used when this transaction was executed in the block.
  - ``gasUsed`` - ``Number``:  The amount of gas used by this specific transaction alone.
  - ``logs`` - ``Array``: Array of log objects, which this transaction generated.

>   - ``effectiveGasPrice`` - ``Number``:  it is equal to the actual gas price paid for inclusion. This calculation differs depending if the transaction is an EIP-1559 transaction or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - ``effectiveGasPrice`` - ``Number``: The actual value per gas deducted from the senders account. Before EIP-1559, this is equal to the transaction's gas price. After, it is equal to baseFeePerGas + min(maxFeePerGas - baseFeePerGas, maxPriorityFeePerGas).
```

Take from [here](https://github.com/ethereum/execution-apis/blob/7f4702fa798978d9131a685d754e106d5ae529a3/src/schemas/receipt.json#L123)
